S29.8 — Owning Binance Spot Live PLACE qualification from exact capacity and interval inputs
GREEN on the actual React surface, after the code and fixture corrections recorded in ui-red.txt.

Command: node tradex-spot-owning-runner.mjs /tmp/tx-s298/ui.json shots
Server:  cd /Users/kai/Desktop/my-repo/tradex && TRADEX_SOURCE_ONLY_FIXTURE=1 \
         TRADEX_BINANCE_RULE_HTTP_FIXTURE=1 TRADEX_LIVE_APPROVAL_FIXTURE=1 npm run dev:browser
Observed at 2026-10-09 23:03 IST, on a freshly restarted dev server (the shared Rust process state
does not carry across rounds), after the declared-origin wording change described in the amendment
at the end of this file.

  { "passed": true, "error": null }
  console errors: []

The gateway to this run is the unmodified tests/spot-owning-admission-ui.mjs, driven through the
same CUA-shaped surface the other slices use (tab.playwright, tab.getAXState as a real
stabilisation step, browser.capabilities.get('viewport')). Only the external HTTP producer and
the vault are fake. Every figure below is produced by the real dispatcher over a real temporary
SQLite workspace.

1. The saved admission statement (1280/768/390, no overflow).

  The venue's own declared figures admit this intent: 50 further orders (ORDERS 50/1 HOUR).

The number and its binding declared bucket are asserted on one line. Also asserted in the same
statement: the declared origin of every reported figure, "This statement is read in USDT; USDT is
not USD.", the tighter-bucket derivation with "never decremented locally and never rolled forward to
a new window", the declared symbol open-order count, the declared symbol open-buy quantity with
"it is never read as available balance", the declared BASE free/locked figures with "never
subtracted a second time", the declared provider cooldown with "not this qualification's gate",
both observation times with the interval counter timestamp stated as absent, the five standing
provenance limitations listed as how the evidence was obtained rather than as a coverage gap,
both bound evidence versions as digests, and the saved-assessment sentence. The statement
contains zero buttons and zero text inputs, and the exact account is still DISARMED throughout.

2. The single typed blocker and the pre-arm capture.

  spot interval quota exhausted: The venue's declared order-rate window has no remaining slot,
  so it would not admit another order now.

With the venue's own counter already at its declared limit and inventory coverage still
complete, the statement names that one fact, states "This is not a smaller number.", reports
"None can be relied on" for the slots, and still reports the declared facts beside it. The
approval review returns eligible=false with a SPOT_INTERVAL_QUOTA_EXHAUSTED blocker, and the
pre-arm Confirm Live arming dialog shows the same captured statement, "Approval remains blocked:
... SPOT_INTERVAL_QUOTA_EXHAUSTED", zero controls and no enabled arm button. The saved PASS
statement is textually unchanged by the later assessment.

3. Recovery.

A fresh bound observation of the venue's own counter restores "50 further orders (ORDERS
50/1 HOUR)". History keeps every statement that was relied on: the blocked assessment and the
original statement both remain readable, and the oldest statement is byte-identical to the one
first relied on. Arm was never performed; the account is DISARMED at the end of every phase.

Asserted at keyboard 1280/768/390, body and panel scrollWidth within the viewport in both the
in-page and the pre-arm states.

Archived: ui.json (full report), ui-admission-region-1280.png, ui-prearm-region-1280.png,
ui-prearm-region-390.png, ui-recovered-region-1280.png.

Amendment (independent Spec review, declared origin of each number). The published PRD, UI Spec
and Backend §41.48 all require the statement to name "the declared origin of each number", and
the first GREEN rendered one combined origin line naming both reads without saying which figures
came from which. That made the published wording only approximately true on the real surface.
The statement now renders two explicit origin rows — "Declared origin · open-order and balance
inventory" (the declared open-order count, the symbol open-buy quantity, the BASE free/locked
figures and the capacity observation time) and "Declared origin · order-rate counters" (the
remaining slots, the binding declared bucket, any standing cooldown and the interval observation
time) — so every reported number is attributed to the venue read that declared it. The change is
renderer-only: no command, payload, generated validator or Control Plane value changed, so no IPC
regeneration was required. The harness assertion was split into the two exact rows, and this
record is from the re-run on a freshly restarted server. Asserted again at 1280/768/390 with no
overflow in the in-page and pre-arm states.

Not established here: no native launch, no provider-hosted financial acceptance, no physical
lifecycle, no main delivery. The parent, map, S28, S17 and physical S27 gates remain OPEN.
